in this video I'm going to show you how
to make California roll
to make the filling what you're going to
need is some crabs mascarpone
so Mayo and some aromatic noir now this
is optional it's not really necessary
but it does give that a little extra
touch now I don't know where you get
this this is from a Dutch shop that's
him
locally so I'll try to find on the
internet if I do I'll put it on my store
and make sure store
I don't probably anything that you start
off by cutting the crab sticks up now
the finely chopped up we put them up
into a bowl okay we add a spoon of
mascarpone cheese which is basically a
Italian cream cheese a small spoon
unnecessary to put much and about a
spoon of mayonnaise just do it with the
eye
now you add a couple of shakes of camor
and mix it where the fall
by wetting your hands and then spreading
out the 150 grams of cooked sushi rice
over half a sheet of nori
now don't mush the rice down don't press
it down too hard just fluff it out
slightly okay then we add some seasoned
seeds over it and now we just place it
upside down onto a rolling mat inside a
plastic bag now what you want to do is
you want to add the crab filling which
we made earlier
okay go
we are two peas a cucumber and some
avocados
okay now we're ready to roll you bring
it over and then keeping all the
contents inside you curl it in
all right so you could in applying
pressure and closing it leaving a little
lip at the bottom now do you just bring
it over and then compress again so it
closes the lip and I wanna do that again
just get the right formation and roll
the roll up just one more time just get
the right shape that looks about right
now what you can do is you can press the
edges in I like to cut mine off just to
make it neater now to get a clean cut
I would suggest adding some cling film
at least for the inside-out rolls and
you just touch the cling film to it
and now you take your sharpest knife you
have dip it in some water so the rice
and stick to it I suggest cut off
okay and this one and then we cut it in
half half again okay penny in and do
more times okay shape the roll back up
make a cling film off discard little end
pieces that cut off and voila one
California or eight pieces
you